Update zeroconf manifest with new specifiers (#643)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_manifest.md

If your integration supports discovery via [Zeroconf](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-configuration_networking), you can add the type to your manifest. If the user has the `zeroconf` integration loaded, it will load the `zeroconf` step of your integration's config flow when it is discovered.

> Zeroconf is a list so y ou can specify multiple types to match on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zeroconf is a list so you can specify multiple types to match on.
```

```json
{
  "zeroconf": ["_googlecast._tcp.local."]
}
```

> Certain zeroconf types are very generic (ie `_printer._tcp.local.`, `_axis-video._tcp.local.` or `_http._tcp.local`). In such cases you should include a name or MAC address filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain zeroconf types are very generic (i.e., `_printer._tcp.local.`, `_axis-video._tcp.local.` or `_http._tcp.local`). In such cases you should include a name or MAC address filter:
```
